So here is a little about me. My name is Terrence Adderley Jr. and I brough joy into this world on September 12th 1993
                unfortunately at the expense of 10 hours of excruciating labor. Ever since I could hold a video game controller in my hand (in my case a 
                Super Nintendo controller) I have always had a uncontrollable passion for video games and a burning desire to figure out how they work, and eventually how I can make one 
                of my own. 

p2

 My journey to achieving this passion of mine began the Fall of 2010, which was the fall of my senior year of attendance at Brockton High School.
                During my exciting, yet frantic year of researching schools and potential majors I originally decided on completing my first year of college at American International College in Springfield Massachusetts. 
                During this year I had made many friends, learned many lessons, and even was elected class president of my freshman class. But unfortunately, due to unforeseen circumstances I was unable to complete
                my tenure there and unenrolled my senior year. But that still didn't stop my desire to learn about my field.
                
p3


                    Two years later I would enroll in Full Sail University located 
                in Winter Park Florida for an attempt at Completing their 2 year accelerated Game Development Course. But like many things in life this too had its own setbacks and after 4 months the pressures of
                being young and hundreds miles away from home, balancing a job and attending school full time proved too much to handle at the time and threw yet another wrench into my plans. But much like the Boston Red Sox of 2004
                nothing could stop me from striving for my goals, not even this current curse that seemed to be plaguing my desires.

p4

 From that point of I became self taught in Computer programming and game design. Devoting every
                possible minute to learning more about my craft and immersing myself into the wonderful world of programming languages and development environments. I dabbled in everything from web development, to mobile development, even to full scale 
                video game development. But in order to become even better at this I had to acknowledge that I needed a bit of professional help. So I swallowed my pride, mustered up my courage an became a 2025 Fall Semester admitted student at Bristol Community College
                where I seek the proper leadership and guidance to help me fulfil my dreams and tell this curse of mine to go eat a 504 error! (developers will understand).
              

why I'm here

The reason why I'm here is simple. To obtain a degree in game development and hopefully one day achieve my dream of owning and operating my own game studio. The path though.. not so much..

Being self taught, the path to video game development has been anything but simple. There's been many hurdles and loopholes that would make the average person cut their losses and throw in the towel. But fortunately my desire to achieve my goals outweighs the obstacles in my way. One of the hardest things to do as an aspiring entrepreneur is to admit your short comings and seek guidance.

I enrolled here at Bristol to not only learn the ins and outs of game development, but also conquer some personal barriers that I put up which are hindering me from achieving my dreams. A wise man once told me "A smart person always hires someone smarter than them". Most times people become successful by failing . . tremendously. But by surrounding myself with these learned mistakes I actual gain hands-on knowledge that you cant get from being self taught, you have to get your hands dirty.

My hopes for this year is to surround myself with leaders and mentors who are willing to show me what they learned from their mistakes and guide me in the right direction, which is closer to my dreams. In a nut shell THAT is why I'm here.

Where Ive Been

Nobody tells you that life is not a straight line. There's many twist and turns, and you gain many scrapes and bruises along the way.

But its not all bad though. I got my very first job my senior year of high school, where directly after class I had to hustle and catch 3 buses and a train in order to get to my late night shift as a cashier and stocker for Walgreens in Quincy Massachusetts.

That job taught me hustle. I would go on to obtain jobs across multiple fields including retail works and even a small stent as a mental health associate. Ultimately in 2019 I attended a 3 week school session with Premier Truck Driving School in Gary Indiana and obtained my Commercial Drivers License and haven't looked back ever since.

Currently I have been driving for 6 years and have been to every one of the upper 48 states at least twice before the age of 28. From the mountains of Washington state to the bayous of Louisiana. I've been to Mississippi so many times have a roll-tide keychain currently on my set of keys (I live in Massachusetts). So I've had some journey so far, and still have many miles left to go.
